[NARRATOR]
Last Dragon Ball Z Kai--
After successfully launching
an enormous Spirit Bomb,
Goku assumed that his
epic battle with Frieza
had at last come to an end.
Unfortunately, he couldn't
have been more wrong...
[ALL shudder]
[NARRATOR] Piccolo
was quickly defeated.
And then Frieza turned
his rage on Krillin,
murdering him in cold blood
before Goku's very eyes.
Goku--!
[chuckles]
I think the
brat should go next...
You--You... ruthless...
...heartless... bastard...!
[sputtering]
[GOKU] I will...
make you... suffer...
[sputtering]
[power yell]
What?!
Go...
Take Piccolo with you
and get out of here, now.
Find Bulma, find the
spaceship, and go.
Arrrhhh!
Do as I tell you!
Right now! Before I lose
what little sense
of reason I have left!
Okay!
[NARRATOR] Things are
really starting to heat up
on Planet Namek.
But what does Goku's
sudden transformation mean?
Find out... now!
♪ Opening Song ♪
♪
[FRIEZA gasps]
What... is this...?
What has this Saiyan become?
[FRIEZA] I thought
his kind could only
transform into great apes!
But... this is no great ape!
[GOHAN gasps]
Move as fast as you can.
If Piccolo dies,
then Kami dies too.
And I don't think
I need to remind you
what that would mean.
What are you trying to say?
I'm saying leave without me!
Get back to Earth and
I'll be there when I can!
But... If we take
your spaceship...
then how are you
supposed to get home, Dad?
You'll be stuck here!
I'm your father!
Don't talk back!
I just need you
to do what I say!
I'll see you at home.
[GOHAN grunts]
[GOHAN struggling]
Dad, you're the greatest...
Thank you... for everything.
Heh.
I'll be waiting...
I know you'll find a way
to get back home
again... safe and sound.
[FRIEZA chuckles]
I'm not letting you
get away that easily...
[FRIEZA] What fools.
Hmm...
[FRIEZA gasps]
[FRIEZA struggles]
You're the scum
of the universe...
and I'm getting sick of it.
Ahhhhh!
How many innocent people?
How many of my friends
have to die before you stop?
[struggling]
You killed Krillin.
You killed my best friend!
[FRIEZA struggling]
Aaaahhhh!
[FRIEZA grunting]
[struggling]
[FRIEZA] Ahh!
[FRIEZA heavy breathing]
How? How can you possibly
have attained such power?
No! Don't tell me...
No, please! Not that!
I get it. I understand now...
Yeah! I didn't believe him,
but I guess Vegeta
must have been right!
And if he was right,
then that means...
My dad is a Super Saiyan!
This is it!
[FRIEZA growl]
No more!
[GOKU grunting]
[gasp]
[snarl] Let's end this thing
right here...! Right now!
[yell]
Aaaaaaahhhhh!
♪
Hyaaaah!
You do realize how
hypocritical this is.
Your outrage of the
loss of innocent lives...
The Saiyan race isn't
exactly known for its mercy.
Compared to you
brutes, I'm a saint!
We paid for our crimes.
[chuckle]
I made certain of that...
You little monkeys
always got on my nerves.
It's your turn, Frieza.
You knew this day would come.
[FRIEZA] Haha!
You honestly think
you're a match for me?
I could defeat
you with both hands
tied behind my back.
Who knows? I might
even try it...
Hmph.
It makes no difference
if you are a Super Saiyan.
No one battles Frieza
and walks away.
Yaaaaaaah!
[FRIEZA] Yayayayaya...
[gasp] Huh?
Dad, be strong.
♪
[FRIEZA growling]
[gasp]
[growling]
[power yell]
[FRIEZA]
Ya! Ya! Ya! Ya! Ya!
Yayayayaya...
Yyyaahhh!
♪
[FRIEZA heavy breathing]
Don't bother apologizing,
because I will
never forgive you...
[chuckle]
[growl]
[grunt]
[FRIEZA]
Aaahhhhhhrrr...!
Agh!
[heavy breathing]
Hmph.
Yaaaaahhh!
[growl]
Hmph!
[FRIEZA heavy breathing]
♪
[growling]
Yaaaahhh!
You... dodged it!
But no one can
move that fast!
[FRIEZA] Ya!
[FRIEZA] Yah!
Yyyaaah!
♪
[heavy breathing]
Uh! But-- How did you...?
Why don't you just
stand still... and perish?
Let me see what you've got.
Why, you worm!
You dare to mock me?!
Yyyaaaahhh!
[gasp]
What's the matter,
Frieza? I can't be
harder to destroy
than a planet, right?
You... You...
What are you?!
You haven't
figured it out yet?
I'm the Saiyan who
came all the way from Earth,
for the soul purpose
of beating you.
[shudders]
I am the warrior you've
heard of in legends.
Pure of heart,
and awakened by fury.
That's what I am.
♪
I am the Super
Saiyan! Son Goku!
♪
[snarl]
Well, I stand corrected.
I never thought
there might be truth
behind those
ridiculous old stories.
[FRIEZA] Hehe. And who'd
have guessed that it
would have taken
someone so disgustingly
pure to unlock that
Super Saiyan power...
But it makes sense.
At least it would explain
why Vegeta was never
able to become one.
[GOHAN] Don't worry,
Krillin and Dende.
There's no way
my dad's gonna lose.
He'll make sure you
didn't die for nothing.
He'll avenge
you both, I promise.
Hey, we're almost there!
That's the spaceship that
my dad came to Namek in!
[growl]
Huh?
[FRIEZA struggling]
Aaahhhhhh!
[yell]
[Frieza] How humiliating!
To think that I could
be outmatched by a
filthy half-evolved Saiyan!
I am the mighty Frieza!
The most powerful force
in the universe!
This is a nightmare.
Yes, that is the
only explanation!
Why else would
this be happening?!
This is the end. It's over.
You... insolent...
Have you forgotten
who you're up against?!
You will rue the
day you crossed me!
[FRIEZA] Hnngghhhh...!
Hrrrgghhh...!
♪
Someone of my strength could
never fall to the likes of you.
[FRIEZA] I'll die by my own
hands before I let that happen.
What are you waiting for?
[grunt]
Mmmm... Mmh!
♪
You fool. Do you
actually expect me to die?
I'm afraid that fate
belongs to you alone.
How long can
Saiyans survive in the
cold vacuum of outter space?
I doubt that you'll find it
nearly as effortless as I do.
[chuckle]
Ah...!
You and this pathetic
planet can perish together!
Die!
[GOKU] Oh, no!
So long, Saiyan!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[KING KAI] Why, hello!
This is King Kai speaking.
I don't know quite how
to tell you this, but...
Frieza has decided to blast
Planet Namek to smithereens!
Oh, this is terrible!
Goku, Gohan, Piccolo,
and that other lady
are stuck there with
no way to escape!
What in the world are
they going to do now?!
[GOKU] Next time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
As soon as I beat you,
Frieza, I'm going home!